ena
conf t
vlan 10
name HR
vlan 20
name IT
int fa0/1
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 10
int f0/11
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 20
int g0/1
switchport mode trunk

ena
conf t
vlan 10
vlan 20
int fa0/1
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 20
int f0/3
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 20
int fa0/2
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 10
int f0/4
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 10
int g0/1
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 10
int g0/2
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 20

ena
conf t
vlan 10
vlan 20
int fa0/1
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 10
int f0/3
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 20
int g0/1
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 10
int g0/2
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 20

int g0/1
switchport mode trunk
int g0/2
switchport mode trunk

ena
conf t
vlan 10
vlan 20
int fa0/1
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 10
int f0/3
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 20
int g0/1
switchport mode trunk

Router
int g0/0.10 Router vlan létrehozása '.'-tal történik

ena
conf t
vlan 10
name Admin
vlan 20
name Accounts
vlan 30
name HR
vlan 40
name Voice
vlan 99
name Management
vlan 100
name Native
int fa0/1
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 10
int f0/2
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 20
int fa0/3
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 30
int g0/2
switchport mode dynamic auto 
int fa0/4
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 10